TITLE: Shipping policy

URL: https://shop.yuvaya.in/policies/shipping-policy

CONTENT:

Shipping Policy

Order processing and confirmation

Once your order has been placed, we will notify you by email to confirm receipt of your order. An email on dispatch of the order will be sent and therefore acceptance of the order. In case of Cash on Delivery orders, an order confirmation email will be sent to you. We may confirm your CoD orders via WhatsApp as well, solely for the convenience of the customer. Your order request will only be accepted once you have confirmed your order on the email/mobile. 

We may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order.

Order Dispatch

 The product(s) will be inspected and packaged prior to handing them over to the delivery partners. Our delivery partners will bring the package to you as early as possible. In case, they are unable to reach the provided address or at a suitable time, they will contact you to resolve the issue. We typically dispatch orders within 2-3 business days, excluding weekends and public holidays. All orders qualify for free delivery unless stated otherwise. If there’s a delay, we will let you know with an updated shipping timeline.

 Dispatch of all the product(s) ordered, may or may not happen at the same time. Some orders may be shipped in multiple shipments. This just means that we need multiple boxes to fit in your order size. No separate shipping charges have to be paid on split orders.

Estimated delivery times

Expected delivery times may vary from the timings estimated on the website. Estimated delivery time of 7-10 days from the order confirmation for metropolitan and other cities. Remote locations may require more than 7 days for order delivery. 

Shipping Charges

All orders qualify for free delivery unless stated otherwise.

Important notice:

When your order arrives, please give it a quick check. Do not accept any delivery if the box is open or tampered with. Aqai Health/Yuvaya will not be responsible for any temperaments with orders. If someone else is receiving it for you, let them know to do the same. If anything looks off, like a missing item or a billing mismatch, please let the delivery person know right away and also record it as evidence. Once the delivery is accepted, we’ll consider it complete.

We do not ship outside India at the moment.

If a User wishes to get delivery to different addresses, then the User shall be required to purchase the Products under separate transactions and provide separate delivery addresses for each transaction, as may be required. The User agrees that the delivery can be made to the person who is present at the shipping address provided by the User.

Delivery locations

We deliver across India, including remote areas. However, in the event of a crisis or unforeseen circumstances, we may temporarily suspend shipping to certain areas. Sometimes, delivery may take longer due to, inter alia, bad weather, flight delays, political disruptions, force majeure, logistical impediments, or any other unforeseen circumstances. If your order is affected, our customer service team will promptly reach out to you with further details and alternatives.

Unforeseen delivery issues

If you cannot receive your delivery at the mentioned shipping address and the order hasn’t been dispatched, contact us at aqaihealth@gmail.com. We cannot hold or alter deliveries once they are dispatched. 

In case the order is returned or the user does not accept delivery of Product(s), the Company reserves the right to cancel the order(s) and refund if the payment is already made, without any liability, and we shall inform you accordingly.